figure it out hello this is Adam corlath
figured out productions the following
video is part of our quick shoot series
hey guys it's Adam here and yes this
really is going to be a contest video I
know I've never done one of these before
so I'm excited to finally do it what
happened recently as I was contacted by
rebellion they are a game development
studio based in the UK they've made
several games i'm sure you're familiar
with such as sniper elite sniper elite
v2 and Sniper Elite 3 this is the
ultimate edition very cool game um now
they contact me and said here's four
keys for the ps4 version of our brand
new game zombie army trilogy and I said
you know what I think I'm gonna give
these away to my viewers because frankly
i owe you guys something and they said
that's cool we'll do whatever you like
so I said all right awesome so here we
are now there are two ways you can enter
to win these keys if you're interesting
I must warn you of course this is the
ps4 version not Xbox one not PC ps4 only
I'm sorry if you don't have a ps4 and
you want to win there's nothing I can do
about that but you if you do have a ps4
and you do want to win here's how you
enter the first way is through YouTube
in the second way is through facebook i
will explain youtube first with youtube
here are the rules you have to be
subscribed to this channel and you have
to leave a comment that says zombie army
trilogy you can then follow up the
comment with whatever you want to say
you know i love the video i hate the
video his hair is out of control his
beard is ridiculous i love his shirt I
hate his shirt speaking what you like
the shirt she plugged you can buy these
shirts and many others and a link in the
description zombie army Charlie I hated
how he plugged his shirts etc you get
what I'm saying beautiful you will have
roughly two weeks the you know the
winner will be announced on March 31st
or April first depending on when the
next episode of play load comes out yes
I know April first is April Fool's Day
but I swear if it comes out that day it
won't be a joke you have until March
30th to enter so March 31st you can't
enter get it awesome and you can leave
multiple comments but you can't cheat
meaning you can only say zombie army
trilogy and Kevin
count as one entry if you try to do that
twice I will disqualify your second
entry and your first entry so don't
think about cheating and you guys know
how much I want to read the comments you
know I can do that the winner we
selected through a random name generator
I will simply take all the valid entries
and put them in a random name generator
a random option generator and pick the
three of four winners now the fourth
winner will be determined through
facebook now our facebook page quite
frankly doesn't have that many followers
so this would be a good opportunity to
when the odds are much better there so
the way that's going to work is you have
to like our page and you have to we will
post this video as a post on that page
probably a few times just so people have
more of a chance but what you're going
to do is you have to like the page and
you have to comment on that post and
share that post if you do that you're
entered again same rules apply you can't
cheat don't try to do multiple entries
and also that winner will also be
announced through play load on either
mar 31st or april first as well so
that's it you can like i said before you
can post multiple comments but just do
one entry a second you can like you can
say the first thing about zombie army
trilogy blah blah blah and then the
second one can be like oh i forgot to
mention your beers ridiculous or
whatever but you that won't be cheating
and will be disqualified just don't say
zombie army trilogy twice and that's it
good luck to all of you and thank you
very much for watching and I'll see you
all later